aren't we curious i mean every month
people around the world
create nearly 24 million websites and
google more than seven
trillion questions that means it's
probably time to get off your phone
but not right now wait till you watch
the video
and get a bold and well-defined jawline
later i'll have some other tricks you
can try to help you get that chiseled
look
the neck curl up let's try activating
the front neck muscles
lie on your back with your tongue
pressed against your palate
bring your chin down to your chest and
slightly lift your head off the floor
while the rest of your body stays in
position do
two sets with 10 repetitions each
when you build some tolerance add more
sets in a few days
the fish face this exercise tones the
muscles in your cheeks
draw your mouth and pucker your lips
then draw your right cheek in and hold
the position for 5 seconds
repeat that 20 times and switch to the
left cheek
after you're done on both sides do 10
reps
the jaw flex let's not forget to tighten
your jaw
tilt your head back until your eyes meet
the ceiling
hello move your lower lip over the top
of your upper lip
until you feel a slight stretch in the
muscles near your ears
stay in position for 10 to 15 seconds
relax
and then do 10 more reps the tongue
twister
now we'll work on the muscles underneath
your chin keep your mouth closed
and press your tongue against your
palate try to cover the entire roof of
your mouth
now hum your favorite tune for 20
seconds while breathing through your
nose
the vibration will activate the muscles
relax your mouth
and do 20 reps the air blowing exercise
next stop the muscles in your cheeks and
neck
fill your upper lip with air and keep
your mouth closed
hold the air in place for 10 seconds
while breathing through your nose
then move the air to the left cheek and
hold for another 10 seconds
finally transfer it to the right cheek
count to 10
and release do 10 reps
chin lifts it's time to strengthen your
jaw
throat and neck muscles sit with your
back straight
tilt your head back until your eyes meet
the ceiling haven't we met
pucker your lips and count to five
relax your muscles and do ten reps
let's strengthen both your cheek and lip
muscles by
smiling clench your teeth together
tightly and stretch your cheek muscles
mimicking a smile
stay in that position for five seconds
and then relax
do that ten more times the outward jaw
now it's the chin and next turn to get a
boost
sit with your back straight turn your
head to the right
and push your jaw outwards stay in that
position for five seconds
and then relax do the same on the left
side
repeat 10 times how about flexing your
jaw muscles with
the jaw drop simply open your mouth
and stretch your jaw downwards don't
stretch out too hard to avoid any
injuries
stay in that position for 5 seconds and
relax
do 10 reps vowel
sounds now we're targeting the muscles
on the sides of your lips and around the
mouth
sit up straight and open your mouth
repeat
all the vowels a e i
o u draw out the sounds as you do so
a e yeah like that
don't let your teeth touch during this
exercise after the first round
relax your mouth and do 20 reps
the platysma stretch let's stretch that
big muscle that runs from the jawline to
your shoulder
sit up straight and press your lips
against your teeth
squeeze the corners of your mouth
downwards and slightly open your mouth
bring your lower jaw back up and then
down again
five times do 10 reps
let's go back to the muscles in your
neck with the collar bone
back up sit on the floor and keep your
head
level with the ground bring your head
back
until you feel the muscles on the sides
of your throat stretching
then bring your head back to the
starting position
do three sets with 10 reps each
[Music]
the lion's yawn it's time to stretch
your neck and jaw muscles
open your mouth wide and stick your
tongue out as far as you can
you should feel the muscles in your neck
jaw and chin getting tighter
stay in position for 10 seconds and then
relax
repeat 10 times how about strengthening
your jaw muscles with
resistance clench both your hands and
place them directly under your chin move
your jaw
downward while overcoming the resistance
add more force to your hands
and stay in that position for five
seconds
relax and repeat ten times
now let's talk about tongue posture
meowing to give yourself a better
profile balance
try pressing your tongue against the
roof of your mouth when you're not doing
anything
this will maintain the strength of the
muscles in your jaw and neck i've got a
few more tricks you can try for a razor
cut
jawline chew gum it'll work the lower
muscles in your face
and also help you cut back on snacks
since it suppresses appetite
shape your beard stand in front of the
mirror and look at the proportions of
your face
trim your beard to give your jaw a
squared look
you guys can try this too get a haircut
keep the sides of your head trimmed and
add volume on top
this will make your face look less round
cut back on salty snacks
salt makes your body retain more water
and it might be making your cheeks look
puffier
drink water this gets rid of excess fat
drinking eight glasses is more than
enough to see a difference in your body
and that's another jaw dropping video
from brightside